The Joe Rogan experience.
When they track racism over the last 100 years,
it's at a decline, it's at a measurable decline,
but not enough, what could be done to accelerate that decline.
What do you think can be done to sort of.
Start, start teaching, uh, civic, civics SP you know,
um, spike up the civics in elementary school, not don't wait to high school.
By civics. What do you mean exactly? You know.
Our country is so diverse.
Now we need to learn about the history of everybody and our country. And,
and everybody's contribu to making this a great country, white, black,
Hispanic women, whatever our, our country is truly a melting pot. And we,
and we need to treat it as such and give everybody credibility. So,
you know, this person, you know, looks different than me,
but he contributed something that I need. I look different than him,
but I contribute something that he needs. Yeah, you that kind of thing.
So we have more mutual respect for one another. You know, the,
the older generations are gonna die out,
but we have to stop them from proliferating, their,
their BS to these younger generations, you know,
mm-hmm <affirmative> and we do this in schools. Right. You know, look when,
when I was in, in, uh, in junior high school, which they don't have anymore,
right. They have middle school now. Um,
sex education was being introduced. Parents were freaking out,
oh my God, I don't want my kid learning that. Well, guess what?
They didn't want their kid going to school and learning about sex.
But yet these parents were not teaching their kid about sex at home either.
They don't want their kid learning it.
How you gonna stop a kid learning about sex.
If you don't let your teachers in school, educate them properly.
And you're not willing to do it at home, your kid's still gonna learn it.
And where, where is he? Or she gonna learn it out in the street?
And then what are you gonna do when your kid comes home pregnant,
you gonna be all freaked out. So if you want to take ed,
when I was in junior high school,
you had to bring a note from your parents saying it was okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
And then you had like a little small class of five or six people taking sex ed
today is part of the regular curriculum. Yeah. And as a result,
kids today are better informed about venal, disease,
STDs, family planning, contraception, and all these kinds of things. They,
because they they're no longer ignorant. Mm. They have more information.
All right. Um,
the same thing has the taboo on sex education has been
lifted. Right. Okay. We need to lift the taboo on, on,
on racism in schools and talk about it at an early age.
How much time are they allocating towards teaching people,
how to accept diverse groups and how to accept, uh, how to,
how to fight against racism. I mean, is that something that's taught?
It seems like that should be a, a core.
Curriculum in private schools. Uh, where,
where I see it is mostly in private schools. I don't see it in public schools,
which is very unfortunate. So, you know, you know, parents,
parents seem to seem to, to run the schools. You know, you know, if, if,
if your kid, for example, you send your kid to school, uh, um,
and you find out your kid is not learning what you think he or she should learn.
What do you do? You take him out of that school and put him in another school.
Right. If they don't learn it there, you put him in a private school.
If they don't learn it, there you take 'em home and you homeschool 'em.
And so I'm, you know, you know, a lot,
a lot of schools are very loath to, to, to, to step on eggshells with parents.
You know, you know, they don't want to upset the parents, whatever,
but they need to, the parents are not the teachers,
the teachers or the teachers. Well, it.
Seems that if you could explain to kids how people get radicalized,
if you could explain to kids how, what happens online,
how they draw you in what's thee evil of being a part of a tribe,
which is a big part of it. Right. A big part of it is being like a gang, right.
Same thing that attracts kids to gangs. Like everybody's in it,
we're all together. It's like, it's a tight group, right? Yeah. I mean, that,
that gets people in. And when they draw you in, like, if the kids said, oh,
this is that they talked about in seventh grade. I know what doing, I mean,
just that alone. I mean, they're better.
Prepared. Yes. That information. Yes, exactly. Yes. And so schools are,
are one thing, academic at an early age.
The next thing I fault are churches. Well, when I say churches,
I mean religious institutions, which would include synagogues, et cetera. Um,
and you know, I hate to get down on, on the CLER, but I'm telling you, they,
they are, they, they have accountability that they're not accepting. Um,
and don't get me wrong. I'm a Christian, all that kind of stuff. I,
and I was a beacon in my church at one time, but here's the thing,
whether you're Jewish, Catholic, Protestant, Mormon, whatever,
you have some form of Sunday school. And so you go down in the basement in,
in your, in your facility, in your, in your church or temple or whatever. Um,
and your, and your Sunday school lesson, when you're four or five years old,
they teach you that, uh, we're all, God's children,
God made a rainbow, right? And we accept that at four or five years old.
And then we grow older, we reach puberty at adolescence,
whatever we move upstairs to the big congregation.
Now we're sitting up there with the adults, um, the, the clergy,
the rabbi, the priest, the minister, the pastor, the Reverend, what? The,
whatever, no longer teaches that Sunday school lesson.
They stop saying upstairs. We're all God's children.
What do you think would happen
if the Reverend of the priests were say to the congregation one Sunday morning,
Hey folks, guess what? It's okay for blacks and whites to marry.
It's okay for Jews to marry Catholics,
half the congregation would get up and leave and they wouldn't be putting their
money in the, in the collection plate.
Cause they're not hearing what they want to hear. Right.
And because it has not been continued that that Sunday school lesson needs to
be continued upstairs. So adults feel, Hey, you know, we're all a rainbow,
we're all a God's children, but the priest does not say that.
Or the Reverend does not say that anymore because he's afraid of walking on
eggshells and,
and stopping the flow of money coming into ties and offerings in that collection
plate. Mm. People would be changing churches or firing him. Right.
And then your kid is, um, let's say, let's say,
uh, let's say I'm Catholic. And uh, now I'm in 12th grade and,
uh, I'm, I'm going to the senior prom. So my mom says, so,
so darl, who, who take to the senior prom? I say, I'm gonna take, um,
uh, um, Susan Goldberg.
Oh yeah. You know, Susan's a nice girl, but,
but don't you think you should take a, a nice Catholic girl? Uh, well, yeah,
mom, but I mean, but you know, we we're, I thought we were all God's children.
Uh, yeah, we are, but <laugh> exactly,
but is not a God word. Right. But is a man word. Yes. God was perfect.
If, if we, if we are to believe in the concept of God,
then we are to believe that God did not make any exceptions and buts and
mistakes, et cetera. In little loopholes, he was perfect from the word go.
But as a man word is an exception. Yes. God was perfection,
man is exception. Right. So, um,
that's what happened, you know, if so,
so that's why, um,
the clergy does not continue that Sunday school lesson,
they're afraid of losing money. In other words, they put,
they put money above morality
and they should be held accountable.
Well, it seems like there's a lot of per problems. It's not, it's not one thing.
It's not just a clergy and it's not just the schools.
It's certainly the parents. And it's certainly what the parents were taught.
So it's the parents' parents, it's the continuing of the ins. Right.
But, but the biggest, they inherited one, one of the most, the most, um,
influential, unless you're atheist, of course the most influential, um,
authority in, in your life is your church. Everybody, you know,
goes to church as a kid. Yeah. Unless you're atheist or whatever. So that, that,
that weighs very heavily. Well, how.
Do you reach the atheist then? Huh? How do you reach the atheists then? Uh, you.
Know, the agnostic a lot,
a lot of atheists and a lot and agnostic have excellent morals.
Lot of them do. Um, they're, you know, they have, uh,
churches called ethical societies and I've spoken and many of them before,
you know, they, they don't believe in God.
It was just not something that I advocate, but I'm saying that they,
they know right from wrong. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and, and, and you find less,
um, uh, controversy and, and, uh,
and racism and more acceptance in these places.
Cause it's about ethics and morality, more so than division.
Why do you have a white Baptist church and a black Baptist church?
What's that all about a Baptist should be Baptist.
It's the same king James Bible, you know? Um,
and, and why, you know,
why aren't they aren't they preaching the same lesson in Sunday school that they
preach up upstairs. They're not concerned about telling little,
little four and five year olds. They were all God's children,
God made a rainbow. You know why?
Because the little four and five year olds don't have any money, so they're not,
so they're not getting any money in the collection plate there.
It doesn't matter. It matters where the money is. You, you,
you say what you gotta say to get the amount of money that you need. That's.
You know, I don't go to church. So that's, uh, an alien concept to me,
but it's sad if that's the lesson,
if that's the way they're structuring their lessons in a church or a synagogue
or a temple, that that's how they're doing it,
they're structuring their structuring, their lessons to achieve more donations.
Look at these megachurches. Yeah.
Well look at 'em mm-hmm <affirmative> look.
And how many times do do some of these priests and preachers get in true.
They,
those megachurches always seem to me to be run by cult leaders that are keeping
it together. They're just keeping it together,
staying within the structure of traditional Christianity.
People want to believe in something. Yes. So why not believe in the clan?
Why not believe in right.
You know, and whatever. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's tribal it,
we have this, uh, intense desire to stay tribal,
but we've gotta consider ourselves a tribe of the human race. Exactly.
The human race that.
That can be taught to people. It can. Yeah. I, I think what you're done,
what you're proving and what you're doing by your amazing accomplishments is
showing that that even in the most radicalized of people,
the KKK and the national socialist movement, you are converting people.